Issue 34213 : Fixing Docker port mapping to avoid Integration test case failure (#34221)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Add tags to events based on parsed identifier. {pull}33472[33472]
- Support Oracle-specific connection strings in SQL module {issue}32089[32089] {pull}32293[32293]
- Remove deprecated metrics from controller manager, scheduler and proxy {pull}34161[34161]

> - Fixed the integration testcases for sql and oracle modules {pull}34221[34221]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the integration testcase docker port mapping for sql and oracle modules {pull}34221[34221]
```

Though this is not user facing; is this changelog line needed?

Author: Thanks @efd6  for your review. I modified the changelog from `CHANGELOG-developer.next.asciidoc` to instead of `CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc `
